[upbeat music]
[narrator] Previously on Love Island USA...
the bombshell...
-Be crazy. baby.
-[giggles]
[narrator] ...worked the villa.
-You've definitely got a body on you.
-Thank you.
-Triple threat. as far as I'm concerned.
-Triple threat?
[narrator] One boy made moves.
I like so much that we're actually talking
and getting to know each other.
It's just so comforting
when I talk to you.
Victor is moving a little bit
too quick for me.
I was like. "I prefer the pace
I'm moving at with Bergie."
Oh. really?
Physical touch is not my love language.
Mine is if someone brings me a coffee.
-Guess what you're getting tomorrow.
-Thanks. Bergie.
[narrator] And the recoupling...
-So the girl...
-...that I would like to couple up with...
...is...
...Hannah.
...Anna.
...my little Kay Kay.
Carmen.
-Kassy.
-Aw. shit.
[narrator] ...sends one girl...
-I'd like to couple with...
-[narrator] ...home.
Destiny.
[narrator] Tonight...
a challenge...
"The Islander
who I think is the snakiest is..."
"Which boy bears the curse of two faces?"
[narrator] ...tears...
I hope she knows
you know what you're doing.
Nothing good could have came out
of that fucking comment.
[narrator] ...the villa...
"Which boy's future
lies with someone else?"
[narrator] ...apart.
-How do you think I will feel?
-It's not for you to tell me.
I don't give a fuck.
[theme music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[narrator] Welcome to Love Island USA.
In the first recoupling.
nurse Jasmine's been dumped.
It's the most jaw-dropping thing
Jasmine's ever experienced.
and she treated a man
who inserted a bowling ball
where the sun don't shine.
[Harrison] I want you to know I'm happy
to be coupled with you.
It's just hard breaking someone
doing it. you know?
-[Destiny] Yeah.
-[Harrison] Don't think I'm like. "Ugh."
-I'm happy.
And it was hard for me too.
because that was the second time.
That was harder than I definitely thought.
[Leonardo] It's hard seeing your...
Honestly. that's one of the closest people
in here that I met.
It's hard to be happy
and it's hard to be sad.
because it's a win and a loss
all at the same time.
I just think if anyone
came into this villa
and was their self.
it was definitely Jasmine.
-One hundred. Yeah.
-[Keenan] One hundred.
Harrison. my guy.
that's one of the hardest decisions.
[Bergie] Yeah. bro.
Your first thing out here. and it's like.
"I have to come and do this."
[Harrison]
I mean. hey. we gotta do what we gotta do.
[Bergie] That's why we're here.
[Leonardo] We're here to find love.
[Keenan]
Be careful with the fire. goddamn.
[Bergie] We're gonna hug right now.
[Harrison] It's cooking.
[Leonardo]
Go by your heart. lead by example.
and always go with what you're feeling.
And it has to be you. and you only.
[Keenan] Oh. fuck.
I need another cup of wine.
-[Leonardo] The whole fucking botella.
-[Keenan laughs]
[narrator] Destiny's delighted
that bullion boy Harrison
picked her over Jasmine.
She really digs that gold guy.
You could say she's a "gold-digger."
And we're off!
[Kay Kay] I'm just so happy!
I feel so happy.
So. how are you feeling?
Before he said your name.
did you think he was gonna say your name?
I hoped he would. but I had no clue.
Just like I told you. Everything
that's meant for you. you will get.
I will get.
I'm so happy that you found someone
who understands you
and who matches your energy.
-[Destiny] Right?
-Yeah.
I feel like you all should focus on
getting to know each other.
-growing and having fun.
-Exactly. Yes.
And then you get to share a bed
with this man tonight. [excited noises]
[both laugh]
Not in bed with a fine glass of wine.
-A glass of white wine.
-[Destiny] Ooh. girl...
-A tall glass of white wine.
-[Kay Kay laughs]
I mean. you just want to
climb on him. girl.
-[Kay Kay laughing]
-[Destiny] He's so damn tall.
[sighs] I'm happy. I'm very happy.
Look at this smile. [giggles]
[Destiny] This man is like the
Prince Charming out of some kind of book.
"Harrison picks Destiny."
Girl. guess what size shoes he wears.
Thirteen.
[Kay Kay laughs]
[Destiny laughs]
[Kay Kay] That's it.
[Destiny] Size 13.
You know what they say about
dudes with the big feet.
-That's why I asked. [laughs]
-[Kay Kay laughs]
[Kay Kay] You know what that means.
Them big feet.
[Kay Kay laughs]
[narrator] Bergie had his eye on Carmen.
but Victor picked her.
so he had to go for Kassy.
Ah. well. you know what they say.
"Bergies can't be choosers."
-[Kassy] How are you feeling?
-[Bergie] Feeling pretty good.
I knew coming in. I was just like.
"Go. let's try it out."
We've been having great conversations
since we've been opening up
and digging deeper.
I think there's potential. for sure.
-I know. I think so too.
-Yeah.
I hope you're happy.
I am happy.
If I wasn't.
I would've picked someone else.
-I had some options. I'm not gonna lie.
-I bet you did. dude.
[Bergie] I could have just switched it up.
Yes. I was disappointed
when Victor chose Carmen tonight.
[Harrison] But I'm super excited
to get to know Kassy.
I'm really gonna be able to see now
if there is something
romantic potential in our couple.
So. what is your love language?
What I like to receive is communication.
-Communication?
-[Kassy] Communication.
-And acts of service.
-Acts of service.
-So like when I made you breakfast...
-Yes! I loved that.
Communication and acts of service
is my love language.
That's what I love.
But also. I do like cuddles in bed.
Like. no matter...
I love being a big spoon.
so we can do that tonight.
-Are you okay with that?
-I'll big-spoon you. yeah.
You'd be spooning me?
-Yeah.
-No. I'm the big spoon.
-You wanna be big spoon?
-I wanna be big spoon.
So I'll be like this.
-Let's go. okay.
-[Kassy] Okay. let's do it.
I'm so down. Okay.
-I love cuddles. I'm a cuddler.
-I'm a huge cuddler too.
Now that we're coupled up.
I think it's more like we're relaxed.
we don't have to feel rushed.
and I don't want us to feel like
we have to be locked down.
So I am also gonna talk to Keenan.
talk to the other guys.
because you never know what can happen.
[narrator] As well as gold.
Harrison's also a diamond dealer.
News just in...
he's already sold half of Destiny's dress
to a shady client in Miami.
-[Harrison] You are cold. Come here.
-[Destiny] Yeah. Thank you.
[Harrison] Sorry if it seemed like
I was down about choosing you.
but I wasn't down about choosing you.
I was just down about
hurting someone while doing it.
Right. Right.
Um. but I know I made the right choice.
-[Harrison] Okay?
-Yeah. I feel you did too...
The confidence is there with that.
The mutual understanding is there.
-I feel like we see eye to eye.
-[Destiny] Yeah.
There's a good base there with Destiny.
Could something serious come from that?
Yeah. of course.
Whether that will happen or not.
24 hours in...
It's early days.
-You really are cold. huh?
-Yeah.
-Thank you so much. Thank you.
-[Harrison] That's all right. Um...
I'm glad it's you though.
-I will say that.
-Thank you.
If I had my pick.
I would be where I am. for sure.
-Good to know.
-You know?
-I got the tall. you know? [giggles]
-[Harrison giggles]
-Let's get something warmer on you.
-[Destiny] Yes. please.
Do you like the dress?
Did it speak to you?
Yeah. definitely.
I mean. it's got gems on it. right?
How can I say no?
[both laugh]
-Thank you.
[Harrison] Thanks for tonight.
-[Destiny] No. thank you.
-Let's see how we go.
Wait. one more hug before I have to go.
-[Harrison] You like going on the top?
-Yes.
-[Harrison] Okay.
-[Destiny giggles]
[narrator] Keenan coupled up with Kay Kay.
who works as a travel nurse.
She's the perfect travel nurse
because she's only 5' tall.
so you can pop her in your hand luggage.
So how are you feeling about the whole...
-[Kay Kay] It's fucked.
-The whole situation.
-Should've sent Kassy home.
-[Keenan chortles]
[both giggle]
You don't like her. You territorial?
[Keenan]
I like that. How was my speech though?
-It was cool?
-[Kay Kay] I loved it.
-It was so good.
-[Keenan] For real?
Yeah.
-[Keenan] I love the vibes.
-Yeah. the vibes is immaculate.
-And we're taking it day by day. baby.
-[Kay Kay] Mm-hmm.
-I got a question.
What happens if somebody come here
exactly your type?
I'm talking about... chat game good.
this. that and a third.
Like. you gonna be interested
in getting to know that person?
-Be honest.
-[Kay Kay] I would.
-Okay. cool.
-Yeah.
I'm not gonna be happy about it.
but I'll be respectful of it.
-Okay? Seriously.
-[Kay Kay] Mm-hmm.
And I'll be respectful as well.
I know. you're such a respectful girl.
I ain't gonna lie. when
I seen you standing up there. it wasn't...
there wasn't a doubt in a second
who the fuck I was choosing.
I was like. "I already got
the baddest shorty up here. bro."
[Kay Kay] Aw.
Wearing that bright-ass. red-ass dress.
You wore red just so my eyes
couldn't wander. Goddamn.
I was just stuck on the red.
Bull's-eye. right in the middle.
Me and Keenan are stronger
than ever right now.
Like. we're definitely entering
into a new chapter.
We're just working on growing even more.
And we're focusing more on having fun
and enjoying each other.
So. the vibe is just living life
and growing and having fun.
I'm having a blast with him.
[narrator] Wrestler Victor picked Carmen.
and he's celebrating
with a classic bear hug submission move.
Carmen. if you want this
nightmare to stop. just tap out.
But that will hand Victor the title.
-[Victor] I'll keep you warm.
-[Carmen] Thank you.
-[Victor] This doesn't count as cuddling.
-I'm standing.
Us not being physical and not cuddling.
does that actually bother you?
If we don't cuddle tonight...
-[Victor] Uh-huh.
-Does that bother you?
-[Victor] No.
-No?
[Victor] It's fine.
Us recoupling doesn't mean.
"Yeah. we're cuddling now."
[laughs]
We're still at the same place
we were today and yesterday.
-[Victor] Uh-huh.
-I feel like you keep bringing it up.
Because I think it's funny
to push your buttons. You know?
You can only push them so far
before I'm gonna snap back.
I don't know.
I wouldn't be mad about that until...
-[Victor] You know?
-Yeah.
Yeah. cuddling would be better.
But it's not something that is...
-[Carmen] Mandatory?
-A must. you know?
[Carmen] Yeah.
Victor's speech made me feel really.
really good.
[Carmen] But then to right away have
all these jabs about the cuddles.
it just kind of sunk it.
[narrator]
It's the evening of Jasmine's departure.
I said to Jasmine. "You're a nurse."
"What's the most unpleasant
thing you've ever seen?"
She said. "Iain Stirling's stand-up show."
I'm Iain Stirling. by the way.
And Anna's gonna miss her friend.
Obviously. you know that I was
closer with her than anybody else.
That's no secret.
She is like my girl here.
So. there's only one bar.
but I'm gonna give it to my girl
'cause she loves that shit.
Are you a cuddler?
-A little.
-She's the same way. I think.
Okay. that sounds good to me.
[Marco] Are you down to feel some ass?
I'm down for it.
[all laugh]
Bergie is gonna get some cuddles.
[Carmen] Bergie.
-Good night.
-[Bergie] What's up? Good night.
[Harrison] You like space when you sleep?
-Sometimes yes. sometimes no.
-A happy new couple.
[kisses]
[Destiny] Thank you. I'm holding you.
[narrator]
Welcome back to Love Island USA.
[Leonardo] You know I date until
it's around the corner. right?
They're even saying you put a sticker
dead center. on the back.
[Anna] Someone's sleep-talking.
[Leonardo moans]
[Anna] Did anybody hear Leo sleep-talking?
-I couldn't stop fucking chatting.
-[Anna] He sleep-talks.
[Anna] I had a full-on conversation
with him about bodybuilding.
[Victor giggles]
-Did you sleep good?
-Yeah. I did. How about you?
-[Kassy] Good. yeah.
-How are you feeling?
[Leonardo] At the end of the day.
if you need me. don't be shy.
[Anna] Yeah.
[Bergie] Anybody know how to make coffee?
I just want to learn how to do it
so I can make girls coffee.
[Hannah] Gonna make it for Kassy?
-[Bergie] Yeah.
-Kassy likes a double shot.
I'm glad you know this.
[Carmen] It was a little bit
too much cuddles with the Bergster?
[Kassy laughs] Um. it was too much.
-[Bergie] Hello.
-[Hannah] Hi.
Here's to having
a great fricking day today.
-[Kassy] Aw. yay. Thank you.
-Yeah. I'll see you later.
[Kassy] Cheers. Bye. Thank you.
-[Kassy] I love it.
-Let's go.
[Kassy laughs]
Poor Carmen.
Fuck. He can't just be saying that
and then not do it.
[Hannah] Well. I'll talk to Bergie.
'cause he's just kind of clueless.
-[Kassy] I want to talk to you.
-We can talk.
Obviously. Keenan and I
are still getting to know each other.
[Kassy]
And I'm still getting to know Bergie.
So I just want to make it known
that if you see us talking to each other...
-Yeah.
-...it's nothing bad.
[Kassy] I'm just trying to see who...
who's going to be my person.
Yeah. for sure.
Yeah. so...
-[Harrison] Knock. knock.
-[Destiny] Hi.
-Is this my breakfast?
-[Harrison] It is.
[Destiny and Harrison laugh]
Well. I'll start cooking for everyone.
Just give me a bit.
Let me warm up to it. all right?
I'll see what I can find.
[Kay Kay] Ooh.
Hi. babycakes.
-[Leonardo] What up. baby?
-Hi.
[Leonardo] How are you doing? [kisses]
[Leonardo giggles]
[Leonardo] Wanna go lay down?
Yeah. let's go. Where are we going?
-Mm. Day bed too bright for you?
-No. it's perfect.
[narrator] Detective Anna is struggling
with a tricky missing person's case.
and the person she's missing is Jasmine.
[Leonardo]
It's starting to actually be hot.
Obviously. I'm happy
to be coupled up with Leo.
but it's very hard knowing
that my best friend is gone.
It's tough.
It meant a lot that you were
super comforting last night.
I am an emotional person.
but Jasmine was. like. and is...
-will forever be my person. you know?
-Yeah.
But I do appreciate you helping me
through them tough times
because they be toughing.
-They be toughing up the ass.
-[Anna] They be toughing out here.
-[Leonardo giggles]
-But today is a new day.
-Just know you got me here.
-[Anna] Yeah.
Thank you. bubsy.
So. finally being coupled
with Anna is absolutely amazing.
Um. although she's going through
her stuff about Jasmine.
I still get to see the brights of it.
We're still spending time together.
[Leonardo] So the next step with Anna
is just gonna be continue to have fun.
and continue to have
those deeper conversations.
in that sense of building a true bond.
[narrator] Poor Hannah's been
suffering from constipation.
As the boss of a Dairy Queen.
Bergie knows exactly what to do.
[Bergie]
We can go on our elbows for pigeon pose.
-Pigeon pose?
-[Bergie] Yeah.
See. this is what I fricking needed.
So today. I'm finally coupled up.
I have Kassy.
I made her a coffee this morning.
It was really great.
[Bergie] I'm gonna put a lot of energy
into Kassy and I
because I feel like we deserve
to explore that with each other.
[Hannah]
So. you didn't make Carmen a coffee.
[Bergie] I know. I didn't know what to do.
'cause right now. I'm trying to pursue
the couple I'm in for sure.
-[Hannah] Okay.
-[Bergie] Pull the leg over.
We're going to have a chat.
Because I'm still interested
in Carmen 100%.
Yeah.
[Bergie] But I also feel like I owe it
to Kassy to explore that option. for sure.
[Hannah] You know what you want to do. so...
[Bergie]
Yeah. And I know what I want to do too.
-Okay. cool.
-[Bergie] Yeah.
[Bergie]
Carmen is still on my mind for sure.
so I might pull her
for a chat here and there
just to get where her headspace is at.
And just to feel where she's feeling.
if there's still a potential there.
But right now.
I'm going to focus on Kassy.
I haven't talked to her.
but I'm sure she did.
[Bergie] Okay. 'cause you made it.
[Hannah] Yeah. I made it.
[Bergie]
I made myself one 'cause I was like.
"That way I kind of made it.
but I didn't make it."
[Hannah] Yeah. it's kind of hard
to fuck that up too.
-Because she does everything.
-[Bergie] Mine tasted okay.
[Hannah] Okay. good.
We'll call that a session.
-Thank you. Bergie.
-No problemo.
[Hannah] I feel good.
It's a new morning today.
-Do you want water or something?
-No. I'm okay.
Just trying to take a nap
before we have a busy day.
[Victor] I'm so tired also.
[Victor groans]
Wanted to say that I'm cool
with all the wait and all that stuff.
-[Carmen] Yeah?
-Yeah.
[Carmen] Okay.
I think that that means that you value
all of this. and you want to be sure
and make it special.
[Carmen] Yeah?
-I don't know. You tell me.
-[Carmen] Oh. Yeah.
-Okay.
-[Carmen] Mm-hmm.
I feel like when I say stuff.
I mean it how I'm saying it.
So I value that.
And I think that that means
that you value me.
-So I'm cool with the waiting.
-[Carmen] Okay.
[Carmen] Sounds good. Thank you.
How are you doing?
-Good. How are you?
-[Bergie] I'm doing really good.
[Kassy] Oh. dude. the coffee was so good.
-Perfect.
-[Kassy] Thank you.
-I was wondering...
-[Kassy] It was so good.
I added a little bit more sugar
because I like it very sweet.
-[Bergie] Okay. good to know.
-But it was so good.
I'm just happy that you still
made something for me.
He brought me a coffee.
and I was like. "Aw. yay."
He's actually showing effort in a way too.
So I appreciate that.
-You wanna go for a chat?
-[Kassy] Yeah.
-Let's go.
-[Kassy] Let's go.
[Bergie] Let's do it. Okay.
-[Bergie laughs]
-[Kassy] Let's go this way. [laughs]
[Carmen] I'm grabbing a pillow.
By the cool fireplace. Bergie. Come on.
[Bergie] Yeah. Why not? You know.
[Kassy] Maybe I should too.
[Carmen sighs]
-How do you feel?
-I'm feeling good.
I'm super excited to actually
try things with you.
Know what I mean? Because
we've been having good conversations.
Even cuddling last night. I was like.
"Okay. I'm not used to that."
So I was like.
"All right. we'll try it out."
I feel like it was going good last night.
I was enjoying it.
-I could tell you were enjoying it.
-I was like. "Come here."
I was like. "I want to wrap you up
and just hold you." I don't know.
[Kassy]
Have you cuddled with a girl before?
No.
If I'm being completely honest.
So I was the first girl you cuddled?
[Kassy] Yay! I love that.
[Carmen]
It's so quiet that if I wanted to.
I could fully listen to every word
these two are saying over here.
[Kassy] Just understand.
we're still getting to know each other.
So don't ever feel like you have to...
The door's closed for everybody else.
[Bergie] Yeah. 100%.
[Kassy] But I am happy because you're...
you're just the nicest guy in here.
-Thank you.
-Honestly. the sweetest guy.
And I'll be honest. the only other girl
I'm interested right now
is maybe getting to know Carmen better.
-[Kassy] Yeah. I know.
-That's the only other one.
-So straight-up honesty.
-Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. That's all I want.
is just to be honest with me.
And obviously.
me and Keenan are still
getting to know each other.
-Yeah.
-[Kay Kay] It doesn't sit well with me.
-[Carmen] Them?
-[Kay Kay] Yeah.
[Carmen] My thing is.
Victor beat him to picking me.
I understand.
[Carmen] So then I'm like.
who was he supposed to pick?
-No. I'm not bothered by him picking her.
-[Carmen] Yeah.
I'm bothered because.
obviously. she doesn't like him like that.
[Kay Kay] We don't want him hurt.
[Carmen] My concern with my connection
with him now is.
I don't know about them.
-What's happened over there.
-[Kay Kay] I don't either.
When we were just doing yoga though.
he's like. "Yeah. I still definitely
want to get to know Carmen."
And I was like. "You know what to do."
He says. "Yeah. I know what to do."
-So you get what I mean?
-Yeah.
But he's also not doing himself...
making empty promises to me and then...
-[Kay Kay] Yeah. exactly.
-He's not doing himself any favors.
We've been having a lot of
bizarre shit happen lately.
[Destiny] Around the world. period.
That whole Canada fire stuff.
[Kay Kay] Yeah.
Extending from New York
to Chicago to St. Louis.
-[Kay Kay] Right. How?
-[Destiny] What?
-[Destiny] How?
-How?
[Destiny] Humans have really came
and messed this Earth all the way up.
What should I do with my hair?
Do I just go with...
[phone pings]
-[Kay Kay] I got a text!
-[girls scream]
-[Bergie] We got a text. Let's go.
-I got a fucking text!
-[Bergie] Coming.
-[Keenan] Somebody. help.
-[Kassy] Oh. sorry.
-[Keenan] Thank you. Victor.
-Who got a text?
-[girls] Kay Kay got a text.
[girls]
Who got a text? Kay Kay got a text.
I got a "texty" text!
[Kay Kay] It says...
[Hannah] Booby trap. booby trap.
booby trap. booby trap.
Booby trap.
Well. you better get your game on.
[Victor] Let's go. adventurers.
[Carmen] I feel like it's going to be
like safari vibes. maybe.
I'm excited.
[narrator] Coming up...
-[Islanders cheering]
-[Keenan] Whoa.
The person I'm snaking is Hannah.
[Islanders] Ooh!
Shit.
[narrator]
Welcome back to Love Island USA.
It's challenge time.
And today's game is called
Rescuers of the Lost Spark.
At least at the end of this one.
there won't be any aliens.
The rules are simple.
The boys are a bit tied up.
[boys] Help!
[narrator] And for once.
it's the female archaeologists
who are the ones coming to the rescue.
To do this. the girls have
to smash through the tomb door.
cross the rickety bridge...
-[Hannah] Let's go. Let's go.
-[Marco] Help!
[narrator]
...dig out a deadly snake from the sand pit.
and place the snake
around the neck of the girl
she thinks is the snakiest in the villa.
The Islander who I think
is the snakiest is Anna.
Okay. fuck. Can I get this shit off me?
[narrator] Rescuers must then pull
a question out of the smoking cauldron
and answer truthfully.
"Which boy. other than the boy
you are coupled with.
would you most like to ruin you?"
[Harrison] Wow.
[Kay Kay] Spicy!
Harrison.
[Kay Kay] Okay.
[narrator] Only then can she retrieve
the jewel of truth
and choose one boy to save.
-[Hannah] Hey!
-So hot.
-Oh. that's sexy.
-Yummy.
[narrator] Together. they have to cross
the pool of quicksand...
[Kay Kay]
They're gonna eat shit in a minute.
Be careful.
[narrator] ...and share a romantic kiss
beneath the waterfall.
[Marco] Probably the best kiss I've had.
I've had a lot of kisses.
That's definitely number one.
[Marco laughs]
-Hi-yah!
-[narrator] Next to the rescue is Anna.
Yeah!
I think I gave the best performance
on that bridge walk.
[Hannah] Get it! Get in there.
[girls cheer]
[Anna] I am choosing this person
because I feel like
they've been a little too flirty
with everybody around the house.
And the girl I would
like to choose is Destiny.
[Islanders] Ooh.
Hi.
-She's just mad my man fine.
-[Anna giggles]
It's not my fault
that I get along well with men.
"Which boy possesses a stone heart?"
[Marco] Shit.
I think Victor.
I'm hard to read.
[Anna] I'm coming to get my man.
-Go get your man. girl.
-Yeah!
To the waterfall.
It felt like 20 seconds. baby.
I wanted it to be 30 minutes.
[narrator] Destiny is next to go.
[Islanders cheer]
[Kay Kay] Okay!
I love that. That's a performance.
[Hannah] Go. Destiny! Go. Destiny!
The person I'm snaking is Hannah.
because your partner
is a reflection of you.
[Marco] Ooh.
-[Destiny kisses]
-Give it to me.
If I could have.
I would have chose Marco as the snake.
not Hannah.
[Keenan]
Careful with the whip. girl. Walk it.
[Marco] Hey. hey. hey. hey.
"Which boy bears the curse of two faces?"
This is oh-so hard.
Marco.
Hater.
[Marco] Destiny doesn't let it go.
[grunts. farts] Ooh.
[Kay Kay] Get your man.
Let's go!
[Islanders cheer]
-[Destiny screams]
-[Harrison] Gotta be careful doing this.
-[Carmen] That made me a little nervous.
-Oh. my goodness.
That's a good kiss. my boy.
He's giving. All right?
He's giving. That is a specimen.
[narrator]
Will Kassy manage to rescue her man?
[Islanders cheer]
Oh. my gosh.
Ice-Berg.
The biggest snake is Carmen.
"Which boy needs rescuing
from their relationship?"
Uh...
-Rescue him. girl.
-Um.
Keenan. Um.
Because you keep giving me
the googly eyes and stuff.
which is nice. but I hope she knows
you know what you're doing.
[Hannah]
Okay. You know. that's fair. Okay.
The googly-eye comment that Kassy made
was 10.000% out of line.
I've never once
given this girl "googly eyes."
That's such an annoying comment. bro.
-Word.
-[Marco] Okay.
Word. Bet. Bet.
He's always fucking mad.
[Hannah] Why is he fucking pressed?
-It's just a game.
-[Hannah] It's a game.
That's annoying as fuck.
-[Anna] Good job. Kass. Keep it up.
-Good job. I'm proud of you. baby.
[Harrison]
Bergie. show her what you're about. baby.
[Islanders cheer]
I'm just a happy boy right now.
[Hannah] That's hot. Bergie.
We love a booty grab.
[Marco] Come on now. baby. Come on.
[Marco] Yes. sir.
[narrator] Kay Kay is next to play. play.
[Islanders cheer]
[Keenan] Oh! Oh.
Oh. Well. damn.
I'm going to snake this girl
'cause my man keep giving her googly eyes.
[Anna laughs]
[Keenan] Here we go.
Fuck. man.
[Kassy] Love you.
[Kay Kay]
To me. it was kind of like a game.
Let's just make fun of the situation.
even though it's uncomfortable. you know?
But Keenan took that very personal
and very much to heart.
"Which boy do you think
is the most adventurous
in the bedroom?"
[Carmen] Okay.
Probably Leo.
-[Islanders laugh]
-I can tell. Come on.
Whoo!
Hey!
[Hannah] Yes. Kay Kay! Whoo!
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
but I got to get my villa together.
[Islanders cheering]
-[Hannah] Aw.
-[Kay Kay] I was like. "I'm drowning."
I'm like... in water.
And I'm like. "What the fuck?"
[narrator] Last to go. it's Carmen.
[Islanders cheering]
Okay. Okay.
I think this girl is the snakiest
'cause we were competing a little bit
against each other when we came in.
but obviously. I got what I wanted. so...
And that is me.
[Leonardo laughs]
-[Hannah] Okay.
-[Carmen] Love you. baby.
So. I got snaked twice.
Carmen is one of my closest
friends in here.
I just didn't expect it.
Especially not... Yeah. I didn't expect it.
Everyone loves being the snake.
"Which boy's future
lies with someone else?"
[Carmen] Um...
I'm gonna say. just 'cause
it's very early days for them.
my girl Kassy and Bergie.
We'll see. You never know.
Surprises around every corner.
[Carmen] Let's wrap it up.
[girls cheer]
[Kay Kay] Go get your man. girl.
[Carmen] We'll switch things up.
[Islanders] Ooh!
[Bergie] Now everyone's flocking to me.
I don't see the point
of now going for Bergie.
[Victor] I don't see the point of
being disrespected in this way.
The only guy that hasn't been
chosen by their own girl...
It's me. So...
-[Carmen] I'm scared.
-It's all right. let's do it.
[Bergie] Let's do it.
Golly! I think...
[Bergie]
I'm really happy right now. I'm like.
just got to take it back a little bit
'cause Kassy's right over there.
Victor's right there.
I don't know what the hell to do.
I'm happy. I'm like. I...
My emotions are
all over the place right now.
[Carmen] We're good. We're good. Ugh.
[girls] Whoo!
[Hannah] Take the hat off. Bergie.
-[Harrison] Yeah!
-[Kay Kay] Take it.
[scattered cheering]
[Hannah]
That was cute. you guys. That was sexy.
-[Kay Kay] Yes. ma'am.
-[Islander] Whoo-hoo!
It doesn't make sense.
Honestly. if I've been wrong in this.
she has played her cards really good.
and I
am a fucking fool. So...
The girl that we think
is the sexiest explorer is...
-Anna!
-[Islanders cheer]
[narrator] That challenge had it all.
Cracking whips. cracking on.
and Victor struggling to crack a smile.
Right. you lot. back to the villa.
[narrator]
Welcome back to Love Island USA.
Not everyone enjoyed that challenge
as much as Bergie.
Victor's on the ropes.
and poor Hannah's still feeling upset
after getting snaked twice by the girls.
[Destiny] She's right there.
[Anna] Are you okay?
[Carmen] What's wrong?
-All right. let's go.
-[Hannah] Not right now.
I'm here for you.
You know I'm always here for you.
[Anna] What the fuck happened?
[Kassy] What?
[Anna] I know.
[Anna] No. that's...
[Anna] Fuck everybody else.
[Anna] Don't give your energy
to someone like that right now.
Don't give your energy
to someone who's gonna hurt you.
Me and Destiny. we've been talking more.
Ever since she's been with Harrison.
And me and Carmen.
we've obviously got closer
because we came in together. So...
It was just like a twist. And it's like...
It hurts 'cause I feel like
I was good friends with them.
But it is what it is.
You're not a fucking snake.
[Anna]
You're the fucking opposite of a snake.
It's just crazy 'cause
me and Carmen are close.
-Yeah.
-You get what I mean?
And to have that extra comment.
it's like...
Right. Why would you even create
that wedge between y'all...
-[Hannah] Why?
-...when it wasn't there?
It wasn't there. So. now
I'm looking at you different.
-[Kay Kay] Yeah.
-It's like. fuck. that hurts.
[Destiny]
Was it something I said in the game?
It was. Destiny. But I want to be
level-headed when we talk.
-Do you get what I mean?
-[Destiny] Okay.
-That's all.
-[Hannah] That's all. So...
-[Destiny] All right. I agree.
[Hannah]
Okay. Thank you for respecting that.
[narrator] After her kiss with Bergie.
Carmen was soaking wet.
'Cause she was under a waterfall.
Get your minds out of the gutter.
But how's Bergie feeling?
I think I have the most kisses...
-[Marco] In the villa?
-...in the villa.
Fucking Christ.
[Bergie] And I would not expect that.
-I've kissed five girls since I got here.
-Oh. fuck.
Dude. I came in only kissing
five girls in my life.
-I've already done it...
-[Leonardo] Times two in a week.
So where does that leave you in
your headspace with your current couple?
Carmen's always been my number one.
[Leonardo] Oh. shit.
Oh. fuck.
But right now. I'm just trying to be
respectful with Victor for sure.
because that's such a tough spot.
What should I do?
I would definitely ask Carmen
what the fuck that was about.
-Yeah. 100.000%.
-[Harrison] That's what I would do.
Then with that understanding.
maybe go back to Victor. I don't know.
[Harrison]
It all depends on what she says.
I would apologize.
But obviously he needs to understand
that it wasn't your decision.
Be smart about how you use your wording.
-[all laugh]
-[Bergie] Welcome to Love Island.
[narrator]
Kassy said Keenan was making eyes at her.
Girls always accuse me of making eyes.
and I tell them. "Och. aye. I know. aye?"
"It's 'cause I'm Scottish. aye. Aye?"
-Hey.
-[Kay Kay] You all right?
I'm irritated.
I don't like shit like that.
-[Kay Kay] Why are you mad?
-Because of what she said. bro.
[Keenan] It makes it seem like
I have you on my shoulder
and I'm fawning over another girl.
And I'm trying to be respectful
of everyone's feelings.
So for you to make a comment like that
that's basically against my character...
Fuck "it's a game."
Don't give a fuck about it being a game.
Just don't come after my character.
I feel like that's
coming after my character.
Me looking and giving
googly eyes to a girl
while I'm coupled up with another person.
-Mm-hmm.
-That's coming at my character.
That's snake-ish vibes.
[Keenan] I don't like that shit.
[Kay Kay] I feel like with you telling her
that you're not going
out of your way to talk to her.
that did not shut it down.
-That still leaves the door open.
-Yeah.
So. I don't feel like you were
clear with your words.
-How was I not clear? I'm not going...
-[Kay Kay] To her.
All I was doing was trying to
give her a fair opportunity.
I ain't gonna lie to her. I feel bad
when I see girls cry. and it felt genuine.
She took that
and just ran with the shit. bro.
[Keenan] Fucking agitated.
I literally told her. "I'm not going
to be actively pursuing you."
"I ain't going to be pulling you for
chats. or doing this. that and a third."
"If you want to talk to me
and get to know me.
it is all going to have
to come from your end."
So. what in her right mind
would make her think
saying some shit like that
would do anything
but cause negativity throughout the villa.
throughout the situation
I have with Kay Kay.
and the possibilities
of her getting to know me?
What would that possibly help?
Fuck it. we ball. It is what it is though.
[narrator] Whoa! Gold dealer Harrison's
getting on so well with Destiny.
he's given her some earrings.
Only joking.
He sold them to her in size XXXXL.
[Harrison]
Very good first kiss. That was... [laughs]
-[Harrison] Waterfall kiss. right?
-Glad that you think so.
[Destiny] My baby set the tone. [laughs]
He set the tone.
-It's so cold. Can I come closer?
-[Harrison] Yeah. yeah. Do you want this?
-Put... Just put this on your legs.
-No. you're gonna be cold.
[Harrison] I'm actually all right.
I feel like... This is one thing
we didn't talk about
'cause I didn't even think
about challenges. right?
I didn't even think about it until today.
And then I was like.
"Well. I guess I'm going to kiss her."
It was funny under the waterfall.
'Cause your eyes are closed. I'm like...
[Destiny] I know. I'm like...
-I couldn't quite...
-[Destiny] "I can't breathe."
"I can't breathe. Oh. my gosh."
I loved it.
Honestly. with Harrison.
the entire challenge.
you know. letting him kiss me
came natural.
[Destiny]
Him picking me up and things like that.
It was really sweet.
Extremely romantic.
[Leonardo] Damn.
That shit looking romantic.
-[Destiny laughs]
-[Harrison] Aw.
She was the last one to do it.
[Leonardo] I know.
She has had all the time to see
that all the other girls
has choose their guy.
[Victor] Nothing fucking makes sense.
And I'm a fucking stupid
that I give her. like. her space.
-[Leonardo] No.
-All that shit. I don't go behind her.
I let her do whatever
she want to do and all that stuff.
And even. I feel comfortable doing that.
I feel confident that...
'Cause I'm like that.
I don't put pressure on anybody.
Yeah. you're respectful
and you're not stupid
'cause you would be stupid
if you didn't give it your all.
You don't have to be really bright
that if you don't choose me.
you are going to fucking hurt my feelings.
-Yeah.
-[Victor] You know?
Whole fucking challenge.
she's been avoiding my...
-Eye contact.
-[Victor] My eyes.
So. I knew that something is happening.
So. I don't know.
she's gonna have to explain herself.
I feel disrespected. obviously.
Uh. but when I get all like this.
that someone doesn't value me
or something like that.
I just disconnect.
[Carmen] I was sitting in the kitchen.
and I know the conversation the girls
are having is talking shit about me.
At the fire pit.
the guys are talking shit about me.
Victor's on the beach
talking shit about me.
[Victor]
I don't care. I'm not gonna change.
'Cause I think if people would be
more like me and more honest...
I don't know if that...
Everything will be way easier. you know?
I genuinely don't think
I did anything wrong...
-You're good.
-[Carmen] ...with anyone...
-[Keenan] Right?
-[Carmen] Yeah.
For real though. Stop crying. Girl.
you're way too pretty to fucking cry.
Come on. now.
Them blue eyes need to stay blue.
[Victor] I just want to be on my own.
Obviously. I'm going to pull back.
I'm just tired of feeling stupid for being
the fucking good guy.
[narrator]
Welcome back to Love Island USA.
The Islanders are getting ready
for the evening
and Harrison's in the shower
giving himself a scrub down
with Elton John's toilet brush.
-Berg. It's rough.
-[Bergie] What? Out there?
[Marco] Yeah. it's just rough
in general in the villa tonight.
[Kassy] Stupid challenge.
I know. This whole place is a shit show.
[Leonardo] It's just a lot that
I think you have to uncover tonight.
Dude. when I was with Carmen.
I felt like I was on top of the world.
-They kiss did look all right.
-It did.
I think I grabbed her right leg.
You look like a different motherfucker
when you was kissing her.
I didn't even think that was Bergie.
I was like. "What the fuck?"
[Hannah] "We were both 'dating'
the same guy. I'm giving you the snake."
Yeah. that hurt me.
And so for that. I would say I'm sorry.
And thank you for apologizing
and just letting me know.
Vic. what are you doing tonight?
Just chilling. huh?
Yeah. He's chilling till she comes to him.
-[Leonardo] Yeah.
-[Victor] It's pointless to be the loser.
To be the first one to go talk to her.
[Victor] She should be the one
pulling me for a chat.
No. yeah. That's why I said
you're really just chilling tonight.
[narrator] After calling Hannah a snake
in the challenge.
Carmen wants to apologize.
The key to handling
a tricky situation like this
is to remain cool. "Carmen." collected.
[Carmen] We can talk here.
You wanna talk while I cook?
-[Hannah] Yeah. let's do it. girl.
-Or do you want to go sit down?
Yeah. I could care less.
Kay Kay... Kay Kay.
-[Carmen] Kay Kay.
-[Hannah] It's fine.
[Hannah] I think it was like...
-I'm real big on words.
-[Carmen] I know.
I don't know if it's
because I get triggered easily.
but I think it was the competition.
[Carmen] Came across as a little bitchy.
I'm really sorry because.
once it was repeated back to me.
the word I did use
and the way I worded it.
I was like. "That's not nice."
-[Hannah] You felt bad.
-I was like. "That's not what I meant."
[Carmen] And I felt so horrible
that I had hurt your feelings.
But then I was out here and I could hear
the boys talking shit about me
and Victor raging about me.
-I was like. "I got to go home."
-[Hannah] Fuck. Yeah.
[Carmen] So. it was just. like.
accumulation of all of that.
but I'm really sorry.
I know. No. I totally understand.
I thought about it after I calmed down.
-I was like. "She didn't mean to hurt me."
-No.
If anything. you do not mean to hurt me
because I came in...
-Yeah. I would never.
-[Hannah] Yeah. So I had to calm down too.
It was like. two people? [laughs]
You're like. "They're all after me."
I was like. I came in today waking up.
"This is going to be fine."
Then it's like.
"Fuck. Hannah snaked twice. Fine."
-[Keenan] Hey.
-[Kassy] Hello.
-[Keenan] How are you doing?
-[Kassy] Good.
[narrator] Keenan's still mad at Kassy.
I haven't seen a game
cause this much trouble
since Granny Stirling put her hip out
playing Twister last Christmas.
I want to talk to you because I could tell
you were annoyed by the game.
Yeah. I was feeling
some type of way. goddamn.
[Kassy]
But I want you to hear me out first.
-[Keenan] No. for sure...
-Last time. I heard you out. so...
[Keenan] You know I'm always
gonna listen. Always. For sure.
-[Kassy] I hope so.
-You got it.
[Kassy] Um.
So. I wasn't thinking.
And it wasn't like I was wrong.
It was like. we do look at each other.
So I don't think
I was saying anything wrong.
But at the same time. it's a challenge.
I didn't mean anything serious.
The comment that you made.
the "giving me googly eyes
while I'm in a couple."
-that's more disrespectful than anything.
-But weren't you looking at me?
"Looking at me"
and "giving me googly eyes"...
"We exchanged looks."
I wouldn't have got mad at that.
"Give me googly eyes"...
But you were looking at me
and smiling. right?
What do you mean?
You'd be looking away.
There were moments where...
And that's after
I catch you staring at me.
No. I look up.
and you'll be staring at me too.
Come on. Kass.
Kass. I'm not denying that
we haven't looked at each other.
-I never denied that.
-Exactly.
But I wasn't going deep into it.
[Keenan] Every time I try
to get into trying to explain
how it makes me feel. this.
that and the third.
you quickly counter with.
"But that's not what I meant."
And honestly. I'm irritated.
If you agree with it.
if you understand it. that's up to you.
I'm just trying to elaborate
on how I felt.
But every time I get started.
you cut me off.
So are you ready
for me to elaborate to you?
The reason why I took it so personal
is because I never denied the fact
that I ever looked at you
or make eye contact with you.
But the comment of googly eyes.
how I perceived it is.
"I'm in a couple.
but I'm fawning over somebody else."
That's just how I perceive it.
It was the wrong comment. I felt stupid.
I feel like I keep giving a little bit.
giving a little bit.
and then I get publicly embarrassed.
I ain't gonna keep
getting embarrassed. man.
It is what it is.
[narrator]
Welcome back to Love Island USA.
Oh. Bergie's only been coupled up
with Kassy for one day.
but already he wants to tell her
those magical three little words...
"I fancy Carmen."
[Bergie] I felt good about it. obviously.
because I had an interest in Carmen.
-[Kassy] Yeah.
-[Bergie] I won't lie about it...
I wish you didn't have to
talk about how excited you were.
We should talk about us first. you know?
It made me just feel insecure in a way.
-[Bergie] Yeah. Sorry.
-You know?
It's something I have to work on. but...
Yeah. I know it's new.
I know you haven't dated before.
It was kind of a punch in the face.
I was like. "What about our kiss."
you know? Just...
-[Bergie] Sorry.
-It's okay.
I just wanted to say that.
But at the same time.
I know it's still fresh.
and you've talked to Carmen more.
and so you guys probably...
Actually. I don't think I've talked
to Carmen more than us.
-I think we've had...
-[Kassy] What attracts you more to Carmen?
If you don't mind me asking.
Just some of the personal values.
She does want to move back to Wisconsin.
she said. maybe potentially in her 30s
and start a family there.
which is right next to Minnesota.
Oh. okay. So. it's just closer to you.
And you've stated you only want two kids.
but with Carmen. she wants four.
and that's kind of what I want too.
-[Kassy] Okay.
-So. I'm just looking long-term too.
I feel like she showed
physical interest in me.
-[Kassy] Yeah.
-And especially today.
She went way out of her comfort zone.
[Bergie] Pretty much sacrificed her
whole relationship with Victor today
to show interest in me.
which really sucks for Victor.
but it shows me a lot.
Yeah.
So. tonight. probably not going to cuddle.
I understand.
[Islanders chattering]
-He's so unhappy.
-[Leonardo] Hear me out.
Do you wanna go talk
or do you not want to talk tonight?
-[Victor] Sure.
-Yeah. Where should we go?
-[Victor] I don't know.
-Let's go over here.
[Carmen] I'm sorry vibes are a little low.
I feel like you're definitely not...
-[Victor] What?
-...happy at least. you know?
[Victor] At least you have good eyes.
-[Carmen] What was that?
-At least you have good eyes.
[Carmen] I'm not gonna go in this talk
with negativity.
And if you're going to come at me with it.
we don't need to have it.
-So let's take a deep breath. okay?
-[Victor] My bad.
[Carmen] I'll sit here.
[Carmen] So...
What's got you really upset right now?
Because I feel like you're heated still.
I'm just a little confused.
You knew I was open
to getting to know Bergie too.
you know what I mean?
Your reaction... I thought if anything.
you were going to be like.
"Yeah. It's a challenge. It's a game."
-How?
-It wasn't serious. like...
You know I'm open. and so...
Like. you were pissed.
-[Victor] Yeah.
-Why?
-[Victor] Like...
-What surprised you?
Because you knew
I'm getting to know Bergie too.
Not even the only one
after the first recoupling ceremony
where you are the last one.
All the other girls
has choose their own couples
because that's the moment when you should
try to create a deeper bond
with the person that you have coupled up.
It's not for you to tell me
what I should have done.
You can talk with Bergie whenever.
Why is it up to you to dictate
how I get to know him?
I don't give a fuck about you and Bergie.
Because I know
he's no competition for me. for us.
I know that.
I feel like everyone thinks
the Bergie thing is...
No one takes it seriously.
But him and I grew up in the same place.
We connect on that. You know what I mean?
[Victor] I haven't made any move.
Anything that could make you
feel uncomfortable.
And I'm cool with that.
But Bergie gets the fun stuff.
And I have to see Bergie kissing you.
How do you think I will feel?
You said you were okay with it.
and clearly. you're not.
If you want more.
and I'm not giving you enough.
then maybe we're not compatible that way.
And I'm not used to go from more to less.
I don't owe you
any more loyalty than Bergie.
and I'm not going to apologize
that I took the opportunity
to get to know him.
I guess I just kind of feel like...
I just kind of feel disrespected.
I just feel like
we're not on the same page.
I am going to take a step back.
What will that mean. "a step back"?
I'm not. maybe.
as invested as I was yesterday.
Yeah. I'm going to
go check in with my girls
and then we can talk again later.
Okay.
-Thank you for coming and talking.
-[Victor] You're welcome. Thank you.
I thought we were in the same page
as to personal values.
and clearly. we are not.
[Victor] She's a really good player.
And she doesn't even give a single fuck.
[narrator] Next time...
[echoing] two Islanders...
During the challenge. I was like.
"I'm most comfortable with Bergie.
and I want to pick Bergie."
[narrator] ...are getting closer.
You literally made my heart
drop the first time I saw you.
I was like. "Holy shit."
[narrator] And a very special bombshell
hits the villa.
Vanderpump Rules' Ariana Madix...
delivers the drama.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org